User interface
--------------
For the touch-screen version, we want pinch to zoom, drag to pan with
buttons for FFT size etc.
For the mouse version, click and drag (also arrow keys) pans the time
and the frequency axes with buttons to zoom the time axis, frequency axis,
FFT size and brightness/contrast (a.k.a. maximum value and dynamic range).

Tap or click the screen or hit space to start/pause/resume/restart playback.

Panning left and right skips the song to the new position.
Panning up and down moves the view on the frequency axis.

You can set bar lines by Control-clicking the left and right mouse buttons
at the starts of two consecutive bars: it shows a grid of bar lines by
extending them at regular intervals left and right of the marked positions.

PLANNED:
Pressing 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 etc sets the number of beats per bar to N.
1 gives you just the bar lines, 0 turns bar lines off.


A time grid would be nice too, with a button to turn it on/off and, when on,
with a setting for the number of beats per bar giving more a luminous line
every N "beats". Users can drag a bar line to align it to a feature.
The first time they do this, the position (phase) of the time scale shifts.
When you drag a different bar line, the one you just dropped stays where it is
and the time scale stretches. Move a different bar line and, again,
the last one you clicked stays still and the time scale stretches.

FFT sizes are powers of 2 by default; that way we can use some super-fast
alternative FFT routines. If you have a keyboard, you should be able to
set the FFT size (or FFT frequency) in a box. Alternatively, a slider that
clicks to the next power of 2 if you click its <| |> endcaps or you can
move the slider smoothly to choose an intermediate size.

Program structure
-----------------
- Calculation threads doing one FFT each receiving requests for an FFT around a
  particular moment and returning the result of same.
- The main thread doing UI handling, scrolling of the display, starting/stopping
  music etc.
- If using SDL_AUDIO, SDL starts an audio-playing thread that requests audio
  data asynchronously.

GUI->calc: "Send me the FFT for this moment in time"
calc->GUI: "Here's the result for audio around time T"

Add to that the reverse mapping to apply the logarithmic frequency axis and
the color map and hey presto.

    Martin Guy <martinwguy@gmail.com>, December 2016 - June 2017.
