HACKING
=======
Some notes on spettro's internal functioning.

The Lifetime of a calculation
-----------------------------
Spettro is a multi-threaded application.

It has a main thread which initializes everything and then loops
receiving notifications of key presses and mouse events and acts on them.
All screen updating is done from the main thread.

There is also a periodic timer which checks whether the display needs to
be scrolled left, and sends a "do-a-scroll" event to the main loop, which
acts on it.

Audio playing is another automonous thread, managed by the audio-playing
toolkit. When it needs more audio data, it calls a callback which gives it
the data it requires, either by decoding the next fragment of sound from
the audio file, or if that sound has already been decoded, from the audio
cache in audio_cache.c

The heavy-work calculation of FFTs happens in several asycnhronous threads.
and they communicate like this:

When the main loop is told to scroll the screen, it schedules the
newly-exposed columns of data to be calculated. These are remembered
in a linked list of calc_t structures, which live in scheduler.c.

When a calculation thread is idle, it calls get_work(), which tells it
to calculate the spectrum of the next most interesting column from the
list of scheduled events. The calc_t describing that column's work is moved
from the list of columns to calculate to a list of columns that are being
calculated. When the FFT thread has finished, it sends an event to the
main loop, with the spectral data attached in a result_t structure and
when the main loop processes *that* event, it redraws the appropriate
column of the screen and removes the calc_t from the list of columns being
calculated.

The source files are:

alloc.c		A malloc wrapper that checks for memory allocation failure.
args.c		Decodes command-line arguments and prints the help text.
audio.c		A wrapper for the selected audio toolkit, to do play/pause/seek.
audio_cache.c	Keeps a copy of audio data near the visible region, to avoid
		having to decode it repeatedly.
audio_file.c	Stuff to read and decode the audio file.
axes.c		Calculates and displays the frequency and time axes.
barlines.c	Overlays the display with bar- and beat-lines.
cache.c		Keeps a copy of FFT results from which screen columns are made.
calc.c		Converts a time into the audio file into an FFT result.
colormap.c	Turns FFT results into a range of colours.
convert.c	Utility functions to map various forms of frequency and time.
do_key.c	Given an internal key code, calls the functions to perform them.
dump.c		Writes the current screen to a PNG file (-o option and O key).
gui.c		A wrapper for the Graphical Toolkit being used.
interpolate.c	Maps linear FFT results onto the logarithmic vertical axis.
key.c		Maps key names received from the GUI to internal key names.
libmpg123.c	A wrapper for when libmpg123 is being used to decode MP3 files.
lock.c		A wrapper for whichever resource locking library is being used.
main.c		Initialize spettro, sets it running and responds to events.
mouse.c		Code to handle mouse clicks and drags.
overlay.c	Does the manuscript score lines, guitar strings and piano keys.
paint.c		Handle updating of the graph's on-screen columns, scrolling etc.
scheduler.c	Keeps a list of FFTs to perform, those in progress, and assigns
		new work to the FFT calculation threads when they want some.
spectrum.c	Code ripped from libsndfile-spectrum to create linear spectra.
text.c		Draw text on the screen, used by axes.c
timer.c		Code to handle the periodic timer interrupts.
ui.c		All variables that control what the screen should look like.
ui_funcs.c	Routines to perform the actions required by keypresses.
window.c	Various window functions applied to audio before FFTing it.
